fix: sanitize basename param by replacing unsupported character (#436)
argoproj-labs/applicationset: docs/Generators-Git.md

- `{{path}}`: The directory paths within the Git repository that match the `path` wildcard.
- `{{path.basename}}`: For any directory path within the Git repository that matches the `path` wildcard, the right-most path name is extracted (e.g. `/directory/directory2` would produce `directory2`).

> - `{{path.basenamenameNormalized}}`: Same as `path.basename` BUT unsupported characters will be replaced with `-` (e.g. `/directory/directory_2` would produce `directory-2`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{{path.basenamenameNormalized}}`: This field is the same as `path.basename` with unsupported characters replaced with `-` (e.g. a `path` of `/directory/directory_2`, and `path.basename` of `directory_2` would produce `directory-2` here).
```

- `{{path}}`: The path to the folder containing matching configuration file within the Git repository. Example: `/clusters/clusterA`, if the config file was `/clusters/clusterA/config.json`
- `{{path.basename}}`: Basename of the path to the folder containing the configuration file (e.g. `clusterA`, with the above example.)

> - `{{path.basenamenameNormalized}}`: Same as `path.basename` BUT unsupported characters will be replaced with `-`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{{path.basenamenameNormalized}}`: This field is the same as `path.basename` with unsupported characters replaced with `-` (e.g. a `path` of `/directory/directory_2`, and `path.basename` of `directory_2` would produce `directory-2` here).
```

Same as above
